default default.txt
floor_house floor_house.txt
floor_tech floor_tech.txt
env_street env_street.txt
street street.txt
env_tech env_tech.txt
env_pipes env_pipes.txt
floor_stone floor_stone.txt
floor_lab floor_lab.txt
floor_wood floor_wood.txt
env_lamp env_lamp.txt
env_door env_door.txt
env_grate env_grate.txt
floor_stairs floor_stairs.txt
floor_carpet floor_carpet.txt
env_wall env_wall.txt
env_blood env_blood.txt
grass1 grass1.txt
water1 water1.txt
water2 water2.txt
dirt1 dirt1.txt
grass_b1 grass_b1.txt
dirt_b1 dirt_b1.txt
roof roof.txt
floor_wood2 floor_wood2.txt
floor_carpet2 floor_carpet2.txt
floor_cave floor_cave.txt
env_wall2 env_wall2.txt
env_tree env_tree.txt
bush bush.txt
env_table env_table.txt
env_table2 env_table2.txt
floor_cata floor_cata.txt